Introducing Changeset workflow (#2437)
spotify/backstage: CONTRIBUTING.md

Also be sure to skim through our [ADRs](https://github.com/spotify/backstage/tree/master/docs/architecture-decisions) to see if they cover what you're working on. In particular [ADR006: Avoid React.FC and React.SFC](https://github.com/spotify/backstage/blob/master/docs/architecture-decisions/adr006-avoid-react-fc.md) is one to look out for.

# Creating Changesets

> We use [changesets](https://github.com/atlassian/changesets) to help us prepare releases. It helps us make sure that every package effected by a change gets a proper version number and an entry in it's CHANGELOG.md. To make the process of generating releases easy it helps when contributors include changesets with their pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [changesets](https://github.com/atlassian/changesets) to help us prepare releases. It helps us make sure that every package affected by a change gets a proper version number and an entry in its `CHANGELOG.md`. To make the process of generating releases easy. it helps when contributors include changesets with their pull requests.
```
